# Contributing


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

# How to contribute

## How to get started

Clone the repository (this is a shallow clone, remove depth tag for full
history, much larger due to notebooks).

    git clone --depth 1 git@github.com:openhsi/openhsi.git
    cd openhsi

You will need to install `nbdev` (v2) to extract the library and produce
the documentation files from the notebooks. This should be done in the
enviroment setup below.

Before anything else, please install the git hooks that run automatic
scripts during each commit and merge to strip the notebooks of
superfluous metadata (and avoid merge conflicts). After cloning the
repository and setting enviroment, run the following command inside it:

    nbdev_install_hooks

## Setuping up Python enviroment

We recommend miniconda (https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html)
or Miniforge (https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge) as the base
eniviroment for minimal effort. However any modern python install
(py\>3.6) should work.

### Setup via conda

Install all python dependancies for OpenHSI (excepts cameras) and 6SV.

    conda env create -f environment.yml
    conda develop .

### Setup via pip

    pip install -e .

#### Install 6SV (only needed for pip install)

    git clone https://github.com/robintw/6S.git
    cd 6S
    cmake -D CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr/local .

### Install LUCIDVISION SDK (Sydney Photonics/Robonation OpenHSI)

The Robonation OpenHSI uses the detectr fromLucid Vision systems. The
full SDK is required to use the sensor with the OpenHSI libary. This can
be aquirred from https://thinklucid.com/downloads-hub/.

To ensure opitmal performace you need to make sure your GigE link is
setup for jumbo packets.

On Ubuntu system this can be done using (you may want to set this up to
occur on startup):

    sudo ip link set eth0 mtu 9000

### Weird Specific things using some cameras

#### fix ximea thread warning

        sudo setcap cap_sys_nice+ep readlink -f $(which python)
        sudo setcap cap_sys_nice+ep readlink -f $(which jupyter)

## A note on how the automation tools are set up

Any cell in the notebook marked with `#export` in the first line, will
be extracted to generate the library. All other cells are used to create
the documentation and to define tests.

To hide cells from appearing in the documentation, mark the cell with
`#hide` in the first line. That’s it!

## Extracting Library

Any cells you mark as `#| export` in the first line is automatically
extracted. All other cells will appear in the documentation. If you
don’t want cells to appear in the documentation, mark the first line
with `#hide`. To extract the library, the terminal command is

    nbdev_export

## Documentation

Docs are automatically created from the notebooks and deployed to GitHub
Pages. To preview them use the terminal command

    nbdev_preview

## Updating changes to GitHub

First fastforward your copy to include the latest change.

    git pull

Push your changes as usual.

    git add .
    git commit -m "commit message"
    git push

## Did you find a bug?

- Ensure the bug was not already reported by searching on GitHub under
  Issues.
- If you’re unable to find an open issue addressing the problem, open a
  new one. Be sure to include a title and clear description, as much
  relevant information as possible, and a code sample or an executable
  test case demonstrating the expected behavior that is not occurring.
- Be sure to add the complete error messages.

#### Did you write a patch that fixes a bug?

- Open a new GitHub pull request with the patch.
- Ensure that your PR includes a test that fails without your patch, and
  pass with it.
- Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution.
  Include the relevant issue number if applicable.

## PR submission guidelines

- Keep each PR focused. While it’s more convenient, do not combine
  several unrelated fixes together. Create as many branches as needing
  to keep each PR focused.
- Do not mix style changes/fixes with “functional” changes. It’s very
  difficult to review such PRs and it most likely get rejected.
- Do not add/remove vertical whitespace. Preserve the original style of
  the file you edit as much as you can.
- Do not turn an already submitted PR into your development playground.
  If after you submitted PR, you discovered that more work is needed -
  close the PR, do the required work and then submit a new PR. Otherwise
  each of your commits requires attention from maintainers of the
  project.
- If, however, you submitted a PR and received a request for changes,
  you should proceed with comm
